What are your pain points?
What does your alerting look like?
What are your site requirements? NERSC -> office of management and budget requirements and to the site.
	- Catalog the KPIs
	- Physical footprint

Matt Azel - Maybe (HPCM)

Quarterly Reviews

Dave Poulson - Advertise through him the SIG.

AMA - Semi structured, no PowerPoints 


Availability:
* 99% uptime might be important for logins or storage but it might not be for the actual compute nodes. Or, if it is, perhaps it’s a subset of nodes.
* What do you measure availability on? Login nodes? Storage nodes? 
* What does “up” mean?
* What kind of promises are made in terms of uptime? Percentage (like 99%) or, “it should always be up” best effort kind of thing. Formal SLA?
* What works and what can work better?

Monitoring:
* What tools are currently in use at the site for monitoring? Are they general in that they support multiple systems or are they more specific to each?
* What is the data used for? Research? Fault detection? Alerts?
* What does the alerting infrastructure look like? How are the alerts generated (email/SMS/Slack)? Are the alerts reactive to failure or can they fire in advance of a potential failure.
* What works and what can work better?

Administration:
* How could Shasta APIs improve to support day-to-day operations?
* SAT - afterthought but super necessary for day-to-day operations.

Physical Footprint:
* Do site requirements dictate machine layout? For example, battery backup availability, failure domains.

